so this isn't going to be a really good
flock but we need to talk
so on and off lately people have asked
me like how I do it or I guess like how
do I you know what this is going to
be about something else
so this video is originally supposed to
be about like how I manage client SEO
how do I manage to do my own client work
and have a great family and be super
happy and work out and be positive and
then still like how did I manage to make
a transition from like to seemingly
completely different careers like go
from teaching to working full-time as an
SEO specialist at a really badass agency
how did I do all that here's the problem
the problem is that while I can talk
about that sort of stuff all the advice
I feel like I'm giving is just other
people's words coming out of my mouth
content I've consumed from somebody else
and I'm just kind of regurgitating it
feels super inauthentic it's right but
it just feels wrong I just totally
refused to do that
I totally refused to feel like I'm
making content for this YouTube channel
instead of kind of documenting my own
thoughts my own feelings about things
you know I've set myself on a schedule
to put out a weekly newsletter and
that's great like deadlines are great
timelines are great when you feel like
you're forcing new content when you know
it's not right I just don't agree with
that here's what I do agree with you
know I've said this time and time again
you got to have something to say and
then say it in everything that you do so
I think for me like part of having this
something to say thing means like if I
don't have anything to say I'm just not
going to make something I don't think
you should either
like you don't need to make content you
don't need to force it like just
document your journey cuz it's in an
earlier YouTube videos I'll link in the
comments below but there's no reason to
try to push this stuff when you don't
actually have anything new to say
there's no value in just retweeting
other
constantly but yeah you could be a
curator but I'm so tired of this me too
content I just refuse to be a
part of it so until I have something to
say not really going to say anything
keeps my content better keeps it more
pure instead of just sitting here and
talking and saying all the things I've
heard other people say just going to
make my own stuff
I've been bred and Huffer don't forget
to work hard be nice people don't get
too lost trying to create something that
matters